CASMCMS-8676 - Support for sles-sp15 (#164)
Cray-HPE/bos: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

> ## [2.4.3] - 2023-06-21
> ### Added
> - Support for sles-sp5
> 
> ## Unreleased
> ### Added
> - Updated the API spec to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Unreleased
### Added
- Support for SLES SP5 for bos-reporter RPM.
- Updated the API spec to:
```
